The Grinch-App who crashed Christmas

Every Pod down in Kubeville liked Christmas a lot.
But the Grinch-App who lived just North of Kubeville did not!

The Grinch-App hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season!
Now, please don't ask why. No one quite knows the reason.

It could be, perhaps, that their ingress was too tight
It could be their readiness wasn't configured just right.

But I think that the most likely reason of all
May have been that their scaling limit was two sizes too small.

But, whatever the reason, their CPU or networks,
They stood there on Christmas Eve hating those Pod jerks,

Staring down from their cave with a sour, Grinchy trace,
At the warm lighted containers below in their namespace,

For they knew every Pod down in the Kubeville faction
Was busy now processing a hollywho transaction.

"And they're processing their jobs,” they snarled with a sneer.
"Tomorrow is Christmas! It's practically here!"

Then they growled, with their Grinch-App code nervously processing,
"I must find some way to keep Christmas from successing!

For, tomorrow, I know all the Pod children
Will wake bright and early. They'll scale for their deploys!

And then! Oh, the noise! Oh, the noise! Noise! Noise! Noise!
There's one thing I hate! All the NOISE! NOISE! NOISE! NOISE!

They'll scale close together, with Christmas LBs balancing.
They'll process bit-in-byte, and those Pods will start actioning!"

SIN, ACK, SIN-ACK, ACK
Welcome Christmas! Proc this hack
SIN, ACK, SIN-ACK, ACK
Welcome Christmas, Christmas back

Welcome, welcome, bidirectional handshake
Welcome, welcome, processes awake
Christmas Day is in our headers
So long as we have transactions to threaders

SIN, ACK, SIN-ACK, ACK...

"And they'll process! And they'll process! And they'll PROCESS! PROCESS! PROCESS! PROCESS!"
And the more the Grinch-App thought of this Pod Christmas workload,
The more the Grinch-App thought, "I must stop this whole code!

Why for over five years I've put up with it now!
I must stop Christmas from coming! But how?"

Then they got an idea! An awful idea!
The Grinch-App got a wonderful, awful idea!

"I know just what to do!" The Grinch-App laughed in their throat.
"I'll make a quick Santa exploit and give my permissions a promote."

"This is stop number one," the old Grinch-Appy Claus hissed,
As they escalated to root, lateral exploits in their fist.

Then they slid down the TCP stack, a rather tight bootstrap.
But if Santa could do it, then so could the Grinch-App.

They got stuck only once, for a minute oh bless.
Then they stuck their head out of a forked process.

Where the little Pod jobs hung all in a queue.
"These jobs," they grinched, "are the first things to screw!"

Then they slithered and slunk, with a smile written in bash,
Around the whole room, and they took every patch!

It was quarter of dawn. All the Pods still scaled down,
All the Pods still in standby, when Grinch-app packed up their tinseltown,

Packed it up with their jobs, their processes, their transactions,
Their packets and their execs, their writes and their actions!

Ten thousand feet up, up the processing summit,
They rode with this load to tiptop to /dev/null it!

"Pooh-pooh to the Pods!" they were grinchily humming.
"They're finding out now that no Christmas is coming!

They're just scaling up! I know just what they'll do!
They’ll crashloop and fail for a minute or two
Then the Pods down in Kubeville will all cry boo-hoo!

That's a noise," grinned the Grinch-App, "that I simply must encode!"
They paused, and the Grinch-App put a listener to their probe.

And they did hear a transaction rising over the compute.
It started in low, then it started to hoot.

But this sound wasn't failure!
Why, this sound sounded scalar!

Every Pod down in Kubeville, the tall and the small,
Was processing without any jobs at all!

They hadn't stopped Christmas from coming! It came!
Somehow or other, it came just the same!

And the Grinch-App, with grinch processes frozen in pause,
Stood puzzling and puzzling. "What could be the cause?

It came without limits! It came without extractions!
It came without forks, users, or transactions!"

The Grinch-App queried and probed till BPF programs were old.
Then the Grinch-App thought of something that hadn’t been told.

Maybe Christmas, they thought, doesn't come from a job.
Maybe Christmas, perhaps, means more to this mob!

And what happened then? Well, in Kubeville they say
That the Grinch-App's scaled out three times that day!

And then the true meaning of Christmas came through,
And the Grinch-App found the strength of ten Grinch-Apps, plus two!

And now that their processes didn't feel quite so tight,
They whizzed with their load through the bright packets inflight

With a smile to their soul, they descended Mount Cluster
Cheerily blowing " Pod! Pod!" on their traffic adjuster.

They rode into Kubeville. They brought back their jobs.
They brought back their patches and packets to the Pods.

They brought back their execs and their writes and transactions,
Brought back their processes, their messages and actions.

They brought everything back, all the workload for processing!
And they, themself, the Grinch-App did the pre-processing!

Welcome Christmas. Bring your scale,
Cheer to all Pods, process and prevail.

Christmas Day is in our ack
So long as we have bytes to transact.

Christmas Day will always be
Just as long as we have we.

Welcome Christmas while we stand
SYN to ACK and ACK in SYN-ACK, ACK.
