Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the cloud
Not a container was stirring, no alert was aloud;
The deployments were running, on workers with care,
In hopes that an operator, would visit them there;

The processes were nestled, all snug in containers,
While visions of transactions, danced in maintainers;
The master at quorum, and CNI at parity,
The platform settled down, for a long winter's verity,

When out on the CPUs, there arose such a clatter,
A process spawned, and memory use grew fatter.
Away to the prompt, I flew like a flash,
Tore open the laptop, and threw up the dash.

The I/O was pulsing, like a freshly deployed release,
Giving the lustre of life, to objects at peace.
When, what to my wondering eyes should appear,
But suspicious activity, and privileged access, oh dear!

With a little old driver, so ready to attack us,
I knew in a moment, it must be that evil Krampus.
More rapid than eagles his trojans they came,
My terminal whistled, and shouted, and called syscalls by name;

Now, EXECVE! now, FORK! now, GETUID and SOCKET!
On, PREADV! on PTRACE! on, MOUNT and LINKAT!
To the top of the process tree! To the top of the node!
Now branch away! Fork away! The data it flowed!

I could see Krampus accessing data of children,
Oh how Article 42 must have been a burden.
I switched on my traces and rerouted the traffic,
But it wasn't enough, as he extracted a demographic!

At Naughty & Nice Corporation, we aim to protect,
The identities of children, who maybe aren't perfect.
But Krampus was hunting for data to use,
To get rid of good and isolate those to abuse!

Finally I turned to Falco, my open source friend,
To setup a rule and turn the tide on this malicious trend.
Watch those syscalls, and process, and traffic,
To lock down the leakage and not become epitaphic.

Events started firing, containers were stopped,
The attack was ceasing, the connections were dropped.
A capture was triggered, which would help me inspect,
The damage and data that needed to be checked.

A breach notification, might be required,
I started immediately, to investigate what transpired.
It turns out a form, did not sufficiently validate,
The input from users, how terribly antiquate.

We checked our capture, and then checked it twice,
For we needed to be certain, that our precautions suffice.
Through experience, or planning, or sheer fortune of luck,
Our childrens data was salted and encrypted, thank f...

Our data is safe, children need not understand,
How close this night came, to having Christmas canned.
But Santa is loading that encrypted data right now,
Using algorithms and machine learning, to get his know-how.

So he loads his sleigh, with plenty of reward,
For all those children, that he so adored.
Our servers and processes and applications are secure,
Protected at runtime, to allow them to endure.

Now St Nick is preparing, for the delivery ahead,
So sleep safely knowing, we have a security beachhead.
And I heard him exclaim, as he drove out of sight,
HAPPY CHRISTMAS TO ALL, AND TO ALL A GOOD-NIGHT!
